{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14360\viewh10380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Deliverables for Monday\
Slideshow - make the case that I\'92m looking for patterns. Maybe do some quick research on distributions and see what I come up with. \
\
\
Action items\
	Well, that\'92s easy and Chrome is smart enough to know to print all of the pages in the presentation as a pdf so I feel like I can rely on this. Will definitely go through several iterations of figuring out the formatting but it should be fine. \
	Okay, everything runs start to finish, let me just do a final thing to make it more modular then I\'92ll be good to go. \
\
\
\
Workflow \
	If this is something I\'92d do a lot of, I\'92d start doing a lot more decomposing and write helper scripts etc, however, it\'92s not so bad to just run the markdown a few times and that might take more software engineering than is really needed. Definitely make it more modular though to trim down and just click and run and insert a new category. \
\
\
The idea is to maybe repeat the analysis for the top 4 categories. \
	Definitely will do. \
\
Focus on spatial and time patterns on the top 4 categories of calls. \
	Happy with maps\
	Happy with frequency histograms\
	Should probably do something with days of the week, even times of day??? This would probably be good enough. The next step would be to fine methodologies/techniques that are able to pick up the patterns. \
\
For final, wouldn\'92t be a bad idea to turn in the tree map to give a sense of the total distribution of calls. \
	Add titles to tree maps. \
\
\
See about the formatting of the histogram, it looks great but I\'92m not super thrilled about the title. \
\
\
\
Areas for further consideration\
	Request details, even within categories there\'92s great variety in call types. \
\
\
\
}